Plot/story

You wake up...

"now then, what do we have here?" The woman asked, hands still rubbing up and down her body in a rather distracting way, every movement threatening to shift one of the straps just enough to show off what lay beneath.

"Oh my, someone's certainly not thinking clearly, huh~" Says the woman, leaning forwards, grabbing both her breasts and playing with them a little, smirking as she watched my own eyes trail down and lock onto her playing with herself.

"Silly little loser. Eyes up girly. We need to chat" The woman says after a moment of playing with herself, playing up the pleasure, moaning loudly, slowly moving closer and closer to you until, before you realize, she was standing right in front of you, moaning loudly above you, breasts inches from your face.

Snapping from the hypnotic attraction that the womans breasts had on you, you fall backwards, finally noticing that the woman is right in front of you. Looking up at her, her smirk grows a little wider as she looks down her nose at you

"Finally paying attention, little slut, good. Listen up" The woman says, snapping her fingers, a chair appears from nowhere. Sitting down on it, the woman gives you a little show of between her legs before crossing them. "If theres enough of a brain in your mind to understand me, then listen good, I dont like repeating myself"

You nod, a little unsure what to say, though a lot of retorts dance on your tongue, you hold them given that you had enough of a survival instinctto not mouth off to the woman who could spawn a chair in the middle of a void.

"Good girl" the woman croons at you, "Now that you're paying attention to me properly, let me explain whats happening.
I happen to be the current iteration of the Goddess of Lust. But what that looks like in this day and age changes..."

The woman, er, goddess suddenly stopped. she extended one of her legs, heeled boot catching your eye before she plants it on the ground.

"Lick" she commands with a cold voice, smile just barely gracing her lips, still looking down her nose at you.

"Wh-wha?" you stammer out before the woman snaps her fingers. With little fanfare, you've been thrown forwards onto your breasts, landing inches away from the womans boots.

"Do I need to tell you twice?" The goddess sneers, directly looking down this time. Reluctantly as you can make it, you stick your tongue out and place it against the boot, glaring up at the woman, she smirks regardless before continuing. 

"Right, where was I? Ah, yes. The Goddess of Lust as a concept and individual chances as the ages move on. Once, the Goddess of Lust would have looked like a slim young woman with flowing long hair and enough curve to be hinted at beneath all the layers. Enough to drive men mad. It was also once a woman with the most perfect proportions while in a court dress, she was executed for being prettier than some 15th century princess. I dont think that king liked what happened next. Regardless, I... we change with time, and as time has moved on, the Goddess of Lust is slowly turning the tables on what and who we were. Change was always going to happen, thats simply what happens. But such a wholesale change on who and what we are. From being a submissive housewife and homemaker to now the more domineering mistress out of your league is a rather sudden change."

The woman shifts, deciding that you've licked that boot enoguh, opening her legs just long enough to draw the eye before they were crossed again, her other boot against you tongue now, clearly waiting servicing.

"These kinds of meetings are meant to be something of a gift to those who get them since its meant to mean that you've gotten the blessing of the goddess, but, well I dont know how to tell you this, but this is the first time where I'd need to think about how a blessing would make you more dominant. Had this been any other age, you'd have been a shoe in for it, and you'd get advice too. Now though, I have a near overwhelming urge to bind you in steel and latex. Take away every sense but touch. And edge you until your not only crying, but out of tears to cry and mummbling appologies that only half make sense."

You blush, tongue still running up the length of the boot. The fact that that had been a passing fantasy, one so embarrasing that you'd not even considered penning it, wasnt something you were eager to mention, though you blushed all the same.

"Never the less, I, Minx, am still bound to give you my blessing" The woman says. She peers down at you, running her hands along the side of your face, capturing you as she runs her fingers under your chin, slowly drawing yoru head up with a single finger pushing upwards.

Following the finger, you slowly crawl forwards, raising slowly and with purpose as your faces approaches where Minx had been leaning to. Once within reach, the goddess locks her lips to yours, tongue almost immediately invading, fighting, and winning control of the space, before pushing deeper into your mouth until Minx seemed to master herself and pulled back, putting more action into the kissing action than the frenching.

"There", she said once they'd parted. You were panting, breathless following losing control of your own mouth to the goddess so effortlessly. "You have been bestowed the blessing of the Goddess of Lust, with all the benefist that go with. Have fun dearie" Minx whispers as we stare, nearly face to face. 

I was lost for words. I didnt feel any different, I wasnt even sure I was meant to feel anything. Sitting back on the heels of my feet and try assessing myself, only to gaso a little at the feeling of... everything. I shoot a look at Minx, who was simply smiling, the sharp edges slowly spreading.

"Seems you found the first of my gifts" She says, "You're generally more sensitive all over. Simple as that. You will feel more sensitive to everything too. The heat, the cold, pain, pleasure, sensations of all kinds. Isnt that fun"

But you were only partially paying attention. The rest of your mind was still staring at yourself, slowly guiding a hand towards your body before slowly rubbing your palm across you stomach. The sensations was unlike anything you'd felt there before. Nothing overwhelming and nothing that would rock her world, but it was different, very different. And that was interesting.

"A-and this feeling is everywhere?" I asked, tripping over my words a little, thinking of the consequences of the added sensitivity. If it really was everywhere across her body.

"Yep" She said popping the 'p', "Everywhere, all the time. You'll get used to it, but it wont be any less effective."

Sighing, sensing that I wouldn't be getting out of this, I decided to tryt finding out everything I could from the Goddess.

"So now that I've got your blessing, what do you want me to do. Like what am I meant to make of this now that I have it?" I asked, shifting my pose to be sitting cross legged.

"Normally, you'd find yourself the most submissive person around you. Through either contrivance or subtle manipulation of others, other people would end up being more dominant than you. This isnt to say that you couldn't be a dom, just that you'd be fighting so much of a battle to get there that it almost wouldnt be worth it, since the moment that you slip into something more comfortable, you'd have to fight for that appearance again. But mostly, just have fun. You're about to go to school away from home, living in a dorm, surrounded by all sorts of people from different background, with different likes and dislikes. experiment I guess. There isnt an overall goal other than perhaps survive the year? Then the one after that and one after that too. Eventually finding someone to settle with would be a good idea. But looking at and through you, I dont think 'eventually' is going to be too long"

"Im not getting married already!?" I shout, catching myself off guard with how quickly I responded.

"Not at all what I meant. Settling in this case might just be finding a Master or Mistress. Might be finding your forever home as a pet or pony. Might even be getting whisked away by some loner with a penchant for knowing just when you're about to cum. The possabilities are endless."

I stared at her, listening to what she though I was going to make of myself if given the chance. Slowly, I could see all the ways this "gift" could go wrong, all the ways that it could- Would lead to some kind of enslavement, be it through law or through my own desires. The thought was horrifying if I had to be honest with myself.

"Awe, dont look like that. This is a good thing. To be comepletely frank, this is how the story goes for girls like you. Whether you know it or not, the chances of you being happy outside of one of those kinds of relationships is low. Not none, Ill admit, and the chances of you finding someone to have that kind of relationship is also low, but not impossible. Being in one of those kinds of relationships though, is a whole different story. Some honest talking with your partner later and everyone will be all the happier for it... Well, maybe not your dorm mates, but Im sure a gag, or invitation, will smooth things over"

"So Im stuck. I wont find happiness outside of one of these fucked dom/sub relationships, and Im destine to end up in one of them anyway? Great, arent I just the happiest girl in the world" I complained. Letting myself fall back, laying down on the ground that made where we were sitting of the void.

I hear Minx scoff a little before the sounds of heels clicking, getting louder as they approach. Then I feel a hand wrapping tightly around my throat, pulling me up to look Minx in the eyes. The kind face of the goddess gone, leaving only a stern and serious glare that pireced into my very being as I grasped at the hand wrapped around my throat.

"You think this is what I want either!? That I want to force anyone into that kind of life? Its the most wonderful thing if you get it right, but are you? Finding the right dom isnt easy and it can be anything from painful to outright dangerous if done wrong. If it were up to me, you'd be some farm girl thats never heard of a city, let alone seen one, so you could be a good girl for some strong farmer and live a happy life blind to the modern world and what its wroght. Instead, I bless you, offer my help, and you still decide to spit in my eye. I should have had you lick my boots, blessed you and been done with it." Minx sneered, eventually throwing me to the ground when my vision started getting dark and blurry. I gasped, hacking a cough out as I felt my legs getting slicker. 

"That, that right there is why you get it. You got choked and thrown to the ground and still got wet, Slut is the right name for you. And for your arrogance, that's what Im going to call you now. Slut, until you can earn yourself a new name. Now get out of my sign, Im getting sick of holding my desires back for your sake and right now, if I let it out, you'd be screaming"

Shaking like a leaf, I nodded, not even considering talking back or frowning at the name. Her patience was too far gone for it to do anything but make her more mad. At a thought, my eyes opened, showing off my childhood room.

The room was rather plain, white walls with some modest posters on them of games and boybands. Collected items from over the years took up as much space on shelves against the wall as any books. A desk under a window between a dresser and closet were the finishing touches to the room. Closet being for some larger and longer clothes that you just didnt fold. And extra space.

But what my eyes showed me was a different sight. The room was nearly bare. some things that just weren't "adult" enough remaining on the walls. The desk was cleared of just about everything on it, and while the closet and dresser were closed, I knew that if I opened either of those, they'd be nearly empty too. The only thing out of place was an outfit sitting on my desk, prepared yesterday for today. The day I moved to University!

Throwing off the covers, parts of the dream starting to fade the longer I was awake. I moved over to the outfit, throwing off my pyjamas and starting to pull on what I would call my cutest outfit

It boiled down to tights and an oversized hoodie when you looked at it from most angles. A deep forest green hoodie easily 4 sizes too big thrown over a simple bra and some pitch black tights over just a simple underwear, giant fluffy socks over my feet which immediately were stuffed into some casual shoes. The fit was complete.

Makeup and accessories were kept simple. Nothing. I was moving in. There would be time after to make aspects of me known. I didnt want people thinking I was vain off a single look if I worked too hard on my appearance. So I did the opposite. 

Making my bed quickly and wrapping my pyjamas up, I hurried from the room, bolting down the stairs as quick as my legs would take me, eager to get one with it.

The rest of the house followed the same style as my room. Mostly plain, Mom and dad had some conflicting ides of how to decorate. With mom being more of a minimalist and dad being more of a maximalist. As a result, only some things were put on walls, paintings usually. And if there were any surface that werent already designated for some kind of purposs, they'd get a single decoaration. Be that a statue, model, or another painting.
This kind of cold war between mom and dad seemed to work, so neither I, nor my brother Alex, tried anything, just plain wasnt worth it.

Getting down the stairs and walking into the living room found my parents and brother sitting around talking. Alex was clearly planning something given he was dressed, and he was never dressed this early in the morning. Mom and Dad on the other hand, were dressed and drinking what was likely cup of coffee number 3. Sitting on the kitchen island, off to the side was a pink travel mug that looked too much like it was for me for it to ba anyone elses. Giving everyone a quick wave, I rushed over and grabbed it, returning to the living room and striking a pose.

"Im ready to go"

"We can see that nerd" Alex replied, not even looking up from checking his phone.

"Awesome, now that everyone is here we can go. Riley, there was just a little too much stuff so Alex is going to be coming with, taking the rest of your things." Dad said, standing, putting the mug down. 

"Really? He's really coming with"

"It was that or leaving some things behind. Besides, it's a good thing. You'll be able to see everyone all together before school starts" Mom said, also standing, taking dads mug as she walked to the kitchen.

"Yeah, you'll get to see us at school" Alex parroted, with an undertone of malevolence that made her fear for the safety of her things.

"Fine, whatever, lets go. Im super excited and want to get settled already" I said, bouncing a little on my feet.

"Just hold on, few more things that we need first and then we can go. Or you and Alex can go ahead and get started while you mother and I finish up here and then hit the road." Dad suggested.

The options warred in my mind a little on one hand, a ride with my brother would get my there quicker, either because he'd drive faster or just because we were leaving sooner. On the other hand, it was a drive alone with Alex for nearly 4 hours, longer if traffic was bad or worse, his sense of direction fucked us.

On the other hand, who knew how long everything else would take, and if I wanted to get there as soon as possible then that option was shot.

"Fine. Ill go with Alex then. Lets go Alf, we can get started while mom and dad do their thing"

"Ick, lets go" he said, standing before mom or dad caught onto what we'd meant.

"I need to grab something from my room and then Ill be right out" Alex said as we walked towards the garage, where his car was normally kept.

"Fine, just dont take too long, I dont want to GTA my way there but dont think I wont" I threatened as I continued walking.

Once I was in the garage, I settled a little, sipping on my coffee as I paced. I peeked into the car, seeing what was actually coming with us. 

Face pressed against the back window, I heard the door to the garage open, and the footsteps of my brother entering the garage.

"Finally, took you long enough. Get everything you ne-" I was cut off as I pulled myself off the window by Alex stuffing something in my mouth. Catching me off guard and spinning me, he tightened the round thing in my mouth before I heard something click. I reach up behind me grabbing at the straps of whatever was in my mouth, trying to cry out but little more than muffled noises escaped. At the very back of my head,  I felt a padlock, hanging innocently from the strap, telling me everything I needed to know about it.

Growling as ia turned to face Alex, the sound was lost along with everything else in my mouth due to the gag. What I got in return, was Alex, looking casual as ever with a smirk on his face.

"What? Thought I was gonna put up with you for the whole trip. Mom and dad aren't going to be following us for at least an hour, if not more. Thats more than enough time for us to get out of here. This just means that I dont have to listen to you whine the whole time."

I moved towards him, arm wound up sock him, but he moved towards me too, grabbing at my hands before I could really do anything to him, though it didnt stop me from trying to kick him too. In the meanwhile, as I tried valiently to attack Alex, he took the time to spin me around, pin my wrists together, and then handcuff them like that. That got another muffled groan out of me as I tried moving my arms around. They were hinged, they wouldnt twist, they wouldnt compress. They were also really high quality from the feeling. I looked at Alex with a raised eyebrow that I hoped conveyed what I meant, since I clearly wasnt going to be.

"I have a girlfriend, so what" was all he said. He walked around the car and popped open the door. I stayed where I was until he started walking at me, staring right through me. I squealed and started moving.

I looked at the seat before I went to get in and paused. Giving Alex another look of disbeleif. Sitting in the middle of the seat was a ridged rubber looking pad with some mounds that looked like they went in all the wrong places. Alex, clearly predicting that I would have that kind of a reaction, was already pushing my head down and into the car.

"Like I said, I have a girlfriend, so what"

Once I was in the car, he grabbed the seatbelt and pulled it all the way out, until we heard the clunk of it hitting the end of its spool. Then she started letting it reel back in, the rythmic clicking drawing my attention away from the feeling of the pad mounds pretting into my private areas, spreading my cheeks apart slightly under the tights. Only when Alex reached over me and clicked the remaining seatbelt into the latch did I understand what was happening. I tried thrashing some more before he just let go. The seat belt snapped closed, my thrashing helping it get tight over the legs and across the chest. pushing me harder onto the pad.

As I thrashed, Alex clearly kept on moving, opening the garage and getting into the car. When the door finally closed with him in it. did I really understand the scenario at hand. I begged with my eyes, aware of the drool that was leaking down my chin. Ass uncomfortably spread from the pad under me with the mound just barely not kissing the hole. The less said about the front mound the better.

Alex simply looked at me before pulling out a cloth covid mask and covering my face with it and then a blindfold that looked like it came from the dollar store and wrapped that around my head too. Trapped in the carseat, unable to see or do anything. I was helpless as Alex started that car and I felt the vibrations of the var move through the pad and right into my bits.

For not the first time within those last few minutes, did I wish that I'd chosen to go with Mom and dad isntead.

[- 4 hours later -]

I was spent. Comepletely and utterly spent. Sore too, though not as sore as I thought I'd be. Alex never stopped and never turned the car off. Even when we were a bock away from the dorm buildings, getting me unbound. he didnt stop the car. ensureing that for the last leg of the journey I'd still suffer his cruel machine.

I couldnt count the number of time I came. It had to be dozens. more than I'd ever before, and more that I suspected should be possible, if the words of Alex were anything to go off.

"Alright whore. we're here. Get out before you stink up my car anymore than you already have." He said unlocking the door and finally turning the car off in the parking lot of the dorm building.

Outside the car were families and students all rushing around, Boxes and dollies carrying things up into student rooms. Some school staff acting as guides and leaders for students who didnt know where they were going.

Thankfully I'd already checked and knew where I was going, commiting the route to memory. Whether I could do that while feeling my own juice slowly running down my leg was a different matter.

Thinking quickly, when getting out of the car, I threw myself and my untouched coffee mug to the ground, getting it all over myself, mixing with the liquid that was already all over me.

Standing and looking at myself, I grimace and grumbled the whole time that Alex and I were carrying stuff. The whole way to the room, and the whole time I was sorting things. Swearing up and down that my luck would change and that this wasnt an omen or anything. It was enough that Alex looked like he was going to grab the gag again.

After getting the few sparce things from Alex's car and getting them put as away as I could within the room, I sat down on the bed and just talked with Alex. He might have been the biggest dick for what he pulled ont the way here, but he was also the only person I could talk to. The other side of the room was filled in already, a girl with a preference of blue, given the common looking colour across all her belongings. But the person was entirely missing. Hitting the town or the school most likely.

An hour later and Mom and Dad arrived, initially questioning why I was wet and hugging and comforting me when I told them about tripping when coming out of the car. They brought the rest of my things up while I went for my suitcase. Pulling out a shirt and other tights, I went into the common bathroom and got changed in a stall. The bathroom at least was nice, Smelled good. Stepping out with a bundle of wet clothes. I walked past another open stall at the end of the line. 

I stopped dead in my tracks when I saw a hole drilled into the side of it, going into the stoneword through the wall. oogling at the hole a little, I stepped into the stall, bending down to look through it. The other side looked to be the same room but flipped. The mens room. I backed away quickly as I heard someone step into their bathroom. I slowly walked away as I saw the hole darken, followed by a laugh and then a dick poking through. I stifled a scream and made my way out of the room as quick as I could.

Back in my own room, I started helping Mom and Dad with unpacking. While it was most of my room, it still didnt take much more than an hour after the three of us started.  And in fairness. A lot of things were decorations, which would need special attention later.

Two hours after that, some food and family time later and I was waving goodbye to my parents and brother as they left me at school.


Walking back to my room, passing some other students who were already walking in pairs around. Smart, though I needed to meet people first if I wanted to do any of that.

As I walked back to my room, I spoted a makeshift signboard, put up for the students moving in based on how it was faced, that showed a rough map of the city and some of its attractions, some of the popular shops, clubs and bars, and anywhere else that students seemed to find interesting. Wtih some people even throwing sticky notes on the board with questions marks and smiley faces. I pulled my phone out and took a picture, making sure I could see everything that had been written along with board itself. Satisfied with the image, I went back to getting to my room. Maybe my roomate would be there this time. Exciting!

The room looked almost nothing like how it was left, mostly on the roomates side anyway. When I pushed the door open, I was greeted to the sight of a woman leaning over their bed putting up a poster of a tarot card. On their desk some incense was burning and there was a collection of crystals surrounding it. The woman herself was dressed in all black, with her outermost layer being a near sheer, flow-y dress that shimmered in just the right light. Everything that had been cute about my roomates side of the room was removed, replaced instead by a Gothic-emo-Alt aesthetic.

The woman noticed me while I was still standing in the door before I'd managed to say anything, turning to reveal the stunning face of the girl I'd be spending the rest of the year with. She was pale, nearly white, with black lips that looked like shattered glass with some purple running through darkness. Her hair was silver, which I could see from the back, but from the front I could see it was cut across her face, nearly obscuring her brown eyes that looked at me, equal parts indifference and curiosity. I guessed anyway, she'd so far not moved or said anything, letting the two of us look at each other from different parts of the room.

"It's not polite to stare" she said, turning back to her task, finishing putting the tarot poster up. Blushing I stutterd out an appology before walking over to my bed and crawling on. I laid down and started scrolling on my phone, moving in circles through only a collection of apps, occasionally glancing at the girl across the room as she finishes her moving in. At the end of it, the girl leaned against her bed, pulling up her huge black platform boots with a thick heel up her knee, pullingher dress up just a little as she did, unzipping them from the side before pulling her legs out from within. My eyes caught the flash of the light on her boots and I turned to watch. At the end, she grabbed the top of the second boot she pulled off and tossed it towards me.

"If you're gonna keep staring, then you can lick those clean. Ill be expecting them spotless by 6" She said throwing the boot towards me, landing in a heap beside my bed. 

"I- uh- what?" I asked, blinking as I shifted my eyes towards the girl, raising my head some too.

"You're still staring. And since you've been staring at my boots since I started sitting down, you get to clean them off" She said, chipper in a way that sounded out of place, despite not knowing the girl.

"I-i dont even know you" I stammered out, sitting up in bed, again folding my legs under me as I shifted pose.

"Maria, and before you ask, Im here for History" Maria said, pulling up her phone and starting to swipe through it.

"Are you even the person Im meant to be living with? The room was blue when I first moved in"

"Oh Alice, she's sweet. The person I was meant to be living with was putting up Crosses and the like when I walked into the room the first time. The roommate looked like she was waiting for me to burst into flames and I just wansnt interested in deal with that. So I went asking around to see if anyone was willing to trade and turns out someone was. Alice. Thats how you got stuck with me"

"O-oh. Well my name is -" I started, only to be interupted from Maria's outburst

"Dont care. Best get started on my boots though, the longer you wait the harder it'll be to get everything off" Maria said gesturing vaguly with her foot in the direction of the boot sitting beside my bed.

I was at a loss of what to say. that was likely the hardest I'd been shutdown by someone who wasnt family. I wasnt sure what to do with that.

"I... alright. cool" I said going back to my phone. That was how we stayed for the next several hours. At around 4 or 5, Maria started to stir. Putting her phone down, plugging it in while shoving herself off the bed. 

She grabbed the boot beside her bed before wandering over to me before crowching down and grabbing the second boot from beside my bed. Picking it up and giving it a once over, shaking her head a little.

"Shame, you didn't manage to get it all done. Oh well, there's still plenty of time to train you well" Maris said, pulling her boots on, collecting her things and walking out of the room. Leaving me on the bed wondering what that was all about.
It was like she'd been having a conversation with herself. I wasnt even entirely sure she was talking to me.

Shrugging, I hopped out of bed and sat down at my desk, rooting through it taking a look at the stack of papers that seemed to be hidden within all the desks. 

The first few sheets were fairly normal, being some contract items that we were warned about when applying for the dorms, a booklet of important names, relevant staff memebers, and dorms rules and possible punishments. Just a bout anything that needed knowing while living within the dorms.
Under that, was another map of things that could be done, the same map that had been outside, though this one was missing the added notes, having a map on paper was still a nice thing to have.

Powering on my laptop, I spent the rest  of the day just relaxing from the hectic and draining day. Moments slip by as I watched video after video of almost meaningless content produced.

It was only after my roomate came back did anything really start happening, though I was far from enjoying it.

Everything started when Maria came back to the room, the door had been left open since I didnt see any reason it should be locked and besides, I didnt know Maria well enough to know if she's someone who keeps their keys on them or not. So when I heard the door open at around 9, I didnt think anything of it, barely even glancing at the black sides of my laptop to see if it was Maria who'd walked into the room. It had been.

It was also Maria who'd pulled her dress of and was about to wrap it around my head.
This was something I didn't find out about until later. In the moment, all I knew was that something was being wrapped around my head. starting to try and pull it off, my hands were grabbed and using one, I was forced to my feet and then bent over my bed. I thrashed all the while, but my legs were the first to be grabbed by another set of hands. I yelped at that, more people were "handling" me? There had to be something wrong, like they thought I was someone else. What were they even doing to me?

My legs were tied together at the ankles and above the knees. Presumably Maria was still holding my arms behind my back, up just below my shoulder blades, and not long after I felt the hands leave my thighs, I felt something starting to be wrapped around my wrists too. this was a complicated tie though, the rope was running around my arms and wrists, shifting anything felt like I was pulling on everywhere else. It would have been a cool knot to see in action, shame it was being used against me!

Once that rope was tied and the second set of hands were removed. The dress, as I now discovered, was removed, revealing a naked Maria and another girl standing in the middle of the room, as I shifted to sit on the bed.

"Hey slut, I see you've been busy" Maria said, trying to supress a smile

"Maria, let me go! I dont like this" I said back, only barely keeping my voice from cracking, anger welling up inside of me that this was the second time something like this has happened, it wasnt funny the first time, it wasnt funny now.

"Nah, dont feel like it, besides, Sam here wants to have a sleepover. And well, I also want her to sleep over. The one hangup is you live here" Maria said, like she was explaining it to a 5 year old.

"And this is your idea?" I screeched. In hinesight not the best thing to do. Both Sam and Maria just looked at me like a petulant child. Sam pulling my desk chair out and sat down, kicking her running shoes off. Meanwhile Maria, who was still standing naked in front of me, reached down and pulled off her boots again, along with sliding her panties off. I blushed while trying to look anywhere else without looking like I was too prudish. Sam held a hand out, holding two larger balls of fabric, at the same time that I was watching Maria was balling up her held panties.  

I paled as Maria grabbed the fabric, which looked like it was Sam's socks, and started approaching me, cruel and evil smile growing across her face. I held my mouth closed, twisting in place as I tried to dislodge an arm, either arm, a leg, anything to try and stop Maria. 
It didnt work

She pinched my nose until I needed to breath, my chest burning before I opened my mouth the smallest amount to try and get just a little breath. It was the last ounce of fresh air that I got before the socks were stuffed into my mouth, filling my cheeks and drying my mouth out before Maria stuffed her panties.

The taste was unlike anything I'd had before, sour in ways that didnt align with what I thought of when I thought sour. Bitter in ways that I'd never tasted before. But at the same time, there was a strange sort of sweetness, or desire that I'd not known that I'd had before getting my mouth filled. Without wanting to, I let out a small moan, and in my struggles, felt a slight wetness beginning to form between my legs. In that moment I was thankful I was dressed, thoguh that didnt stop Maria and likely Sam from hearing the moan.

"See, told you she was a slut" Maria said, smiling while looking me in the eye, "And now that you've been shut up properly. Time for your new job, Huff-slut"

I raised an eyebrow at her, feeling my face flush from the name. She simply grabbed my shirt and moved me to lay on the ground, Sam stirred against, holding some more rope as she approached. I shook my head rapidly as I tried spitting the socks and panties out of my mouth, I heard the ripping of duct tape and I flicked my eyes towards Maria, who was smirking while holding the tape. She covered nearly my whole lower face with tape layers thick. Then she kicked one of her boots over towards my face. I felt a tightness at the back of my head while I felt fingers digging and dragging through my hair, and stuffing my face into the opening of the boot.
The smell of Maria's boot fills my nose, my lungs. It was similarly sour the way Sam's socks were, the smell and taste causing my to wretch while I was gagged.

Meanwhile, Sam moved over towards my feet, making a loop of rope and looping around the rope that tied my ankles together, running the rope to the top of the tie that held my arms together, then yanking.

I screamed, followed almost immediately by gagging as I was suddenly pulled into an arch, something I'd personally never been in before. I was never much of a gymnast as a kid and that hadnt changed as I got older. Though it looked like Sam missed the memo as she pulled the rope tighter and tighter. Worse, she was winning.
I screamed and cried into my gag as my back was bent more and more beyond anything I normally put myself through. And when It felt like I was going to be broken in half, Sam started moving. She tied the rope off at the top of the tie before using the extra length of rope and tying my shrimped form to my bedpost, so even if I could move, I was still limited to a small area around the corner of my bed where I could move. And I was still gagging on the smell of Maria's boots.

"Ah yes, cry some more for me, its so hot" Maria said in a half moan as she rubbed her legs together. Sam just cackled while hopping up onto my bed.

"Have a good night whore. If you do a good job at deodourizing her boot, you'll get the other one"

They then largely ignored me, they'd give my side a mild kick if I started making too much noise. That stopped pretty quick when Sam put her foot down on my chest, spreading my breasts with her foot and I got too internally flustered to properly give even a gagged response. Though no matter how willing I was to sit there quietly, I still let out the occasionaly moan as I shfited and the tightness of my back was refreshed, prompting invigorated thrashing as I tried to get out again, or at least loosen.

After some time, Sam and Maria stopped paying attention to me and started just chatting and talking casually, the kind of chatting that you did when you were getting to know someone, which did take my by suprise since this was the person who was taking my bed and they didnt even know the person they were taking it from or their roommate.
And then some time later, maybe an hour later, they went to bed. Lights were turned off and before long, after some shfiting from both beds, the sound of light snores filled the room.

I was agast, I was furious, I was so many emotions that I couldnt even describe at what I witnessed. There was some random sleeping in my bed, dirtying my fresh sheets, invading my space. And here I was laying on the ground, bound in tighter rope than I'd ever felt before, forced and bent into shapes I wasnt meant to bend in, and they stuffed my face!

I writherd in indignity before everything went black ina blink. Opening my eyes I was back in that featureless void that started all this. And before me was Minx.

"Hey slut, how was move-in day?" She asked, sitting on nothing once again, legs crossed as she bounced her leg, my eyes were drawn to her heel, part of me remembering the day I'd just had, and when I went to reply, I found that I was still bound like I was in my room, though the boot had been removed and the taste of what was stuffed in my mouth was different, I was definately in the back-breaking tie still and was just a helpless as I was when I was in my room.

Minx got a collection of annoyed, half muffled grumbled thrown her way as I gave her my complete and un-censored opinion, not that it was heard.

"Yeah yeah, this is still part of the on-boarding, which might take a lot longer if I have to see you come here all dressed up like that" she said, rolling her eyes, "Tonight is going to be some of the changes that you might see in your world. Dont question things too much, dont forget you're likely the most submissive thing anyone can get their hands on, everyone is gonna seem like a dom if they want their way, so throwing questions about legality of certain things, about pecking order, anything else that might let other people lower you on some kind of scale"

"Next thing to know is that biology is a little different now too. You will find in the coming days that some biological functions just arent a worry anymore. The what is largely up to you and the how is nonyabusiness. If you dont in some way, shape, or form find enjoyment from a function, then you'll lose it. You like the taste of food, so you'll likely still need to eat. Stuff like that."

"Along the same lines of biology, everyone you come into contact with is clean of stds and stuff. They'll still totally have them, you aren't a cure all or anything like that, but you wont get it, and they'll lose the effects for as long as they're fucking you"

"That sound be everything you need to know for the time being. You get some baseline enhancements too, you've been made a little prettier than you were before, to the ideal realistic version of yourself in your mind, you're slimmer, hair below your eyebrows doesnt grow anymore unless you want it to, your period is going to be lighter, but it will very much still be there, so keep an eye on that. Anything that someone else does to change you will remain but minor changes to yourself that you imagine when you think of "you", they wont overwrite anything that's done ot you either. No "curing" bimbo lips or anything like that"

"There, that wasnt so hard. As a reward for being good through you're whole first day, you'll get an orgasm. By my own hand too, how lucky" She said in a sulturey voice that only menat that she was planning devious things to do to me. It was the same one he had every time she talked about edging me or when she was telling me about my new life.

Minx stood from nothing and walked towards me, she clothes shifted, patterns and shape shimmering as if the light were changing as it hit her clothes. They were almost always something skimpy when they werent showing something that was only modest if you ignored that it was missing a whole half. 
Her hand trailed down the length of my leg as she walked around me, sending a shiver up my spine as her hand trailed further down my leg. By the time she was behind me I was quaking like a leaf in the wind and she'd not even properly done anything to me.

Then her hand found my clit, almost instantly, through several layers of clothes and started gently stroking it, her other fingers werent idle though, oh no. They were spending their time gently teasing me. Her other hand was pulling my pants down. Apparently she didnt like working through tights.

With enough access and more than enough lube present, she didnt waste time before stuffing fingers in me, the feeling of her fingers were beyond anything she'd felt before with ehr own, and she seemed to know everywhere she needed to hit to get me to cum as quick as possible. Her fingers were wonderful, good enough that I slowly lost myself in the pleasure that she was giving me, and as I approached an orgasm, I could tell that my own moaning was getting louder and louder, even as I was resisting the urge to moan.

Just as I was on the edge of release, my eyes drifted open. I felt like I was still panting, and as I shifted around, I could feel the same wetness that I'd had as Minx toyed with me, and if I focused enough, it felt like I could still feel her  fingers stirring around inside me.
I looked around as much as I could, tied the way that I was, I spoted Sam looking over the edge of my bed down at me, face something between a smile and concerned look, her eyes flicked between my face and my ever-shifting legs.

"Seems like someone had a good night" She said, throwing my covers off her. She shifted, kicking her legs over the edge and lay them down beside me. My face was still stuck in the boot, so there was little I could do before she started nudging me with her foot, playing with the side of my head, lightly stepping on different parts of me, adding a little more preassure when it came to my breasts, that pulled a moan from me all right. 

While waiting for Maria to wake up, Sam kept toying with me, so I was thankful that Maria was a lighter sleeper than she seemed and woke up not long later. 

"Morning all, hope you slept well" Maria was up and moving before I properly registered that she was awake. Standing over me, still completely naked from last night. 
She reached down and I almost instinctively flinched away as her hands grabbed onto the ropes binding me, pulling their ends untying the ropes that bound my arms.

"We're going to the cafe for breakfast, you should join us-" Maria opened her mouth, clearly expecting to saw something more, but nothing came out, it was clear she wanted to say my name, but since I'd never told her, and she'd only been calling me "Slut" since I'd arrived, she didnt actually know what my name was. 

"Riley, the name you're looking for it Riley" I said, reaching down pulling the ropes that bound my legs together, half-tangling the knots before managing to untie them.
Standing was a bit of a struggle, my legs were weak and all of me was sore. "Something you would have known had you actually learned it yesterday"

It might have been harsh, though in my own mind, it was entirely deserved. Showing up in a room that I still wasnt entirely convinced was hers, completely stonewalling me and dubbing me "slut" before tying me up and leaving me to huff her boot for the whole night while my mouth was stuffed with socks and panties. I wanst in a givng mood.

"Im sorry, Riley, to be fair to you, it was Sam's idea. She knew that I was leaving the room I was in, and since we couldnt find a room where it was just going to be the two of us, we decided to mess with those who would have been our roomates. Then I got a legit ask to change roomates and I took it, the girl I was with was a bitch anyway. So when I moved in here and first met you, I knew that it would be easy to just take your side of the room for the night, but I felt really bad when I looked over and watched your struggling in the middle of the night... So Im sorry" Maria said, genuinely looking remorsful for what she did. Sam just smiled sweetly at me, drawing her foot forwards and wiggling her toes at me. I frowned at her.

"So, do you want to come with us or something?" Maria said, extending an olive branch. I looked between her and Sam, who looked indifferent whichever way I went.

"Fine, sure. What were your plans anyway?" I asked, still rolling my shoulders, "I'll need to get dressed again, before we go. Definately not going out in these"

"Whats wrong with what you're wearing?" Sam questioned.

"Their worn, old, probably smell a little, and... they're wet"

"You dont... look wet"

"Get let me get changed!" I snapped out. Maria giggled to my side and I turned to look at her, still stark naked and looked away just as quickly, blushing

"What do you think I should wear, Sam?"

"Im thinking you show Riley here who you really are" Sam said, wiggling her eyebrows at Maria, who very quickly turned pink at whatever Sam meant.

"R-really, already?"

"Remember what we did to her already?"

They looked at eachother, Maria getting more and more red before letting out a sigh

"Fine, but only the once" she said, turning before anyone else could say anything and opening the wardrobe. I raised an eyebrow at Sam, who just smiled and looked back at Maria who started getting dressed. I didnt see anything amiss until she turned around, only partially dressed up showing off what she planned on wearing under the dress that she was holding in one arm, held away from herself to show off everything
Her bra looked fairly normal, only with dozens of metalic circlees all over them, and she kept shifting her hips forwards and backwards slightly. She also held some pads in her hands, both of which were tossed into some shoes, torturous looking high heels that had some straps aroudn them.

"Just once, remember. We go out, we check out the clubs, and we come back. Thats it" Maria said, looking Sam in the eye looking serious as a grave before kneeling down (biting her lip on her way down) and shifting the pads within her shoes. I didnt know what anything was, she looked like she was just wearing normal stuff with some DIY additions, yet Maria looked and acted like she was wearing some things that were significantly more impactful. After straightening up again, she slipped her feet into her heels, stopping and taking a breath after settling her feet in them. Once both her feet were in the heels she crouched down and lifted each set of straps running them under the heel and around the ankle.

It was then I noticed that there was a small lock on the straps, both were revealed to be legit and locked when Maria pulled both keys out and threw them onto her bed, lifting both heels and shaking her legs a little. neither heel moved.
From there, she threw the dress over her head and smiled at us. Sam looked pleased with herself, and I was just outright confused.

"Alright, what was that?" I asked, watching Maria and Sam seem to have a whole conversation silently.

"That, was Maria indulging in her kink for us" Sam cooed, Maria blushed but didnt refute it

"And that is..." I asked, looking between the two of them, Maria blushed and brilliant red as Sam smiled even more

"She's a little pain slut" Sam giggled out, only just baredly looking like she was holding back her laughter.

"Right... Im gonna get dressed now, out the both of you" I said gently gestuing for both of them to get out. Maria nodded, giggling a little to herself as she seemed to try and get herself under control. 

Sam on the other hand, held firm, reaching into her pocket and pulling out a small baggie, she held it out for me, pushing it into my hand while smiling at me

"If you want to have some fun, use this instead of a bra. See you soon" before she walked right out the door, taking Maria with her away from the door. I looked down at what Sam had given me while closing the door and found that the baggie had some tape 'X' with "SLUT" written down the top most strip of tape in a hot pink that stood starkly against the black tape. 
The hell did Sam think she was doing with these, more the hell did she think I was going to do with them, wear them? Where did they even go. Sam did tell me not to wear a bra... so likely they were meant to be a replacement. I tossed them onto the bed Sam had been sleeping in, mine, and started getting changed. Pulling my clothes off, peeling my panties off after they only paritaly dried and began sticking to me. I shuddered a little as I watched the strings of moisture stretching between me and my panties before I pulled them off entirely. shivering as my pussy was suddenly colder than it had been. Using my towel to wipe the wetness away, drying myself off before I went through my own wardrobe grabbing my clothes.
Since we were all apparently going out to see the clubs, which I was a little nervous to see given what I remembered from Minx, but I still wanted to look good if we were going out. I ended up going with capri shorts, low socks, and a cute pink shirt. Pulling a sweater over my head to complete the look and I was pulling my shoes on to get on with the day. The one hang up that I had was that I was wearing the black strips that Sam gave me. They stuck easy enough, and they were made in a way where just about anything that I wore, I could still see the faint word "Slut" Though my tops, I was thankful that my sweater was thick enough, even if it was going to be hot in the middle of the day wearing it.

Stepping out into the hallways, I managed to find Sam and Maria easily enough, they were sitting in the common room, Sam draping her legs over Maria's as they chatted, every now and then 

